Mom, Xu Mei was taken away by my dad
I have to go see him.
Can you go to prison?
This day is an important place for the gods
Only those with the city master's order can enter
You break in like this
Once you don't see Luo Pei
No chance in the future
So what do we do?
My dad is now blatantly looking for a mistress
You can't stand that tone.
Well, for a woman
It's a disgrace
How could I possibly tolerate
Your dad's
The main force of the city has been kept in the safe in the study
The password he never told anyone
So what do we do?
It's very simple.
He thinks he's perfect
I already knew the password
Sister Xu Mei
Are you OK?
Xu Meikun
Xu Mei, please rest assured.
I will definitely rescue you
Useless Kun
I'm allowed to confuse your dad
He also wants my position as the head of the Luo family
They won't let me go